# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#
# Coding style: emulate <TAB> characters with 4 spaces, thanks!
################################################################################

=head1 NAME

lcmaps: NCM component to manage LCMAPS configuration file(s)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<lcmaps> component writes the LCMAPS configuration file(s). The
primary file is the LCMAPS database, listing the plugin modules
to be defines and the policies to describe (in the specific order 
as specified in the list in the CDB).

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/dbpath

Location of the main LCMAPS database (list of plugin modules).
Default: /opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/lcmaps.db

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/modulepath

The LCMAPS module search path.

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/module

Named list (nlist) of modules to be used in the LCMAPS policies.
The names here are the module symbolic references that
are used to define the policies

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/module/{}/path

Path of the module to load.

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/module/{}/args

Arguments to the module (these are concatenated to the module
path itself and quoted.

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/policies

List (ordered) of LCMAPS policies

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/policies/[]/name

Name of the policy.

=head2 /software/components/lcmaps/policies/[]/ruleset

List (ordered) of rulesets for this policy.

=head1 EXAMPLE

 "/software/components/lcmaps/dbpath" = "/opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/policy.conf";
 "/software/components/lcmaps/modulepath" = "/opt/edg/lib/lcmaps/modules";
 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/localaccount/path" = 
	"lcmaps_localaccount.mod";
 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/localaccount/args" = 
	"-gridmapfile /etc/grid-security/grid-mapfile";

 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/poolaccount/path" = "lcmaps_poolaccount.mod";
 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/poolaccount/args" =
        " -override_inconsistency" +
        " -gridmapfile /etc/grid-security/grid-mapfile" +
        " -gridmapdir /etc/grid-security/gridmapdir";

 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/posixenf/path" = "lcmaps_posix_enf.mod";
 "/software/components/lcmaps/module/posixenf/args" =
        " -maxuid 1 -maxpgid 1 -maxsgid 32";


 "/software/components/lcmaps/policies" = list (
      nlist(
              "name", "standard",
              "ruleset", list (
                      "localaccount -> posixenf | poolaccount",
                      "poolaccount -> posixenf"
                      )
              ),
      nlist(
              "name", "GridFTPacquisition",
              "ruleset", list (
                      "vomsextract -> vomslocalgroup",
                      "vomslocalgroup -> vomspoolgroup",
                      "vomspoolgroup -> vomspoolaccount",
                      "vomspoolaccount -> ldap_enf"
                      )
              )
 );

=head1 Multi-file mode

If "/software/components/lcmaps/multifile" is set to True, the LCMAPS
component will work in the experimental "multi-file" mode. The regular
resources like "/software/components/lcmaps/dbpath" are ignored, and
relocated, but similarly named ones in the array
"/software/components/lcmaps/config[]" are used. Thus, multiple
LCMAPS policy files can be written to support for example separate
services (gatekeeper, gridftp) on the same host. 
For example, the ".../dbpath" resource becomes:

  "/software/components/lcmaps/config/0/dbpath" = "/opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/policy.gridftp";
  "/software/components/lcmaps/config/0/modulepath" = "/opt/edg/lib/lcmaps/modules";
  ...

  "/software/components/lcmaps/config/1/dbpath" = "/opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/policy.gatekeeper";
  ...

=cut
