# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}

=head1 NAME

NCM::pbsclient - NCM pbsclient configuration component

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over

=item Configure()

Do the necessary configuration for an PBS client at CERN. The mail two configuration files
are /var/spool/pbs/mom_priv/config and /var/spool/pbs/server_name. The first one is the 
default configuration file for PBS, the second one is used to hold the PBS server name.
In case Torque behaviour is selected, the server_name is contained in the config file
as well.

=item Unconfigure()

Removed the configuration file for pbs mom (but leaves the pbs server_name file).

=back

=head1 RESOURCES

=over

=item /software/components/pbsclient/active : boolean

activates/deactivates the component.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/cpuinfo : string[]

Defines which cpu info (from /proc/cpuinfo) to define as resources in the pbs_mom config file.
This is a string list, which may contain any processor property name that you can see in
/proc/cpuinfo file.
Two extra processor related flags can be specified : ncpus, and ncores
ncpus is the number of physical CPUs in the node, and ncores is the total number of cores.
** All CPUs in one host are assumed to be the same **

Example properties are : "ncores", "ncpus", "flags", "model name", "cpu MHz",
"cpu family","model","stepping"

Properties that start with "model " or "cpu " will see this be stripped as a first step.
All resulting pbs_mom resources will be prefixed with C<cpu_> except ncpus and ncores.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/masters : string[]

defines a list of PBS masters for this host. The first is the primary master
for q* commands. This directive is compulsory.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/resources : string

defines the PBS resources, this host provides.  This resource is currently ignored.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/restricted : string[]

defines the list of hosts that can query PBS mom for additional information using
a reserved port (in addition to the clienthosts as set fia the masters resource).

=item /software/components/pbsclient/logEvent : long

Bitmask defining what log information to write to the mom_log files.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/tmpdir : string

Location of the per-job transient TMPDIR directory. This resource is only
functional on OpenPBS or Torque servers with the transient_tmpdir patch
applied. The default is compiled into mom.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/idealLoad : double

Translates into configuration directive $idealload.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/maxLoad : double

Translates into configuration directive $maxload.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/cpuTimeMultFactor : double

Translates into configuration directive $cput.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/wallTimeMultFactor : double

Translates into configuration directive $wallt.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/prologAlarmSec : long

Translates into configuration directive $prologalarm.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/checkpoint_interval : long

=item /software/components/pbsclient/checkpoint_script : string

=item /software/components/pbsclient/restart_script : string

=item /software/components/pbsclient/checkpoint_run_exe : string

=item /software/components/pbsclient/configPath : string

location of the PBS mom configuration file (default: 
C</var/spool/pbs/mom_priv/config>).  Note that the server_name file is 
written two directories up (thus by default in C</var/spool/pbs>).

=item /software/components/pbsclient/behaviour : string

The way the server_name is conveyed to PBS mom. The default is
OpenPBS, where the name is written to the file "server_name". The
only other valid value is "Torque", where the name is written
in the "$pbsservername" directive in the mom config file.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/nodeCheckScriptPath : string

=item /software/components/pbsclient/nodeCheckIntervalSec : long

=item /software/components/pbsclient/initScriptPath : string

Name of the init.d script to run in the configuration changed. BY
default this is "C</etc/init.d/pbs>".

=item /software/components/pbsclient/directPaths : component_pbsclient_pathmapping_type[]

Locations that are accesible directly using the POSIX FileIO calls (i.e. without
using pbs_rcp). This array of records define dthe list of $usecp directives.
The component_pbsclient_pathmapping_type contains two resources ("locations" and "path").

=item /software/components/pbsclient/scripts/prologue : string
=item /software/components/pbsclient/scripts/epilogue : string
=item /software/components/pbsclient/scripts/prologue.user : string
=item /software/components/pbsclient/scripts/epilogue.user : string
=item /software/components/pbsclient/scripts/prologue.parallel : string

These scripts may be defined to augment the behavior of pbs when
starting and ending jobs.  See the pbs documentation for a complete
description of when each script runs and as what user.

=item /software/components/pbsclient/submitonly ? boolean

If true, it assumes this host is only used for job submission, and has no pbs MOM running
 that requires restarting.

=back

=cut
