# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

The I<lcgbdii> component manages the configuration file of BDII service.  

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<lcgbdii> component manages the BDII configuration.

=head1 RESOURCES

Check schema for the full list of resources. Due to some changes in BDII configuration between all versions,
some resources marked optional in the schema for backward compatibility are in fact required to properly
configure recent BDII versions.

=head2 archiveSize : long (optional)

The number of updates that the changes should be logged (BDII v5 and later).

=head2 autoUpdate : string (yes or no)

Whether or not to auto-update.  Valid values are "yes" and "no".

Default : no

=head2 autoModify : string (yes or no)

Whether or not to automatically modify this file.

Default : no

=head2 bind : string

The binding string. 

Default: "mds-vo-name=local,o=grid"

=head2 breatheTime : long

The time between LDAP queries.

Default: 60

=head2 configFile : string (required)

The location of the LCG BDII configuration file.

Default: /opt/bdii/etc/bdii.conf

=head2 dir

The base directory for the BDII code and configuration files. 

Default: /opt/bdii

=head2 fixGlue : string (yes or no, optional)

Fixes some common schema errors like publishing duplicate attributes ()BDII v5 and later, recommeded value : yes).

=head2 isCache : string (yes or no)

Whether or not to reject entries which already match the binding string.

Default : no

=head2 ldifDir : string

Location of GIP static ldfi files. New and required in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 logFile : string (optional)

The location of the LCG BDII log file. This property is required for BDII v5.

Default: none

=head2 logLevel : string (one of ERROR, WARNING, INFO, DEBUG)

BDII verbosity level. New in BDII v5 (recommended value: ERROR)

Default: none.

=head2 modifyDN : string (yes or no)

Whether or not this BDII fixes DNs to match binding string.

Default : no

=head2 pluginDir : string

Location of GIP plugins. New and required in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 port : port number

Port used by BDII (v5 and later). Exclusive of portRead and portsWrite.

Default: none

=head2 portRead : port number

The port to read from (version <= 4). 

Default: none

=head2 portsWrite : list of port numbers

The list of ports to write to (version <= 4).

Default: none

=head2 providerDir : string

Location of GIP providers. New and required in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 RAMDisk : string (yes or no, optional)

Use a RAM disk for the database files. It is advisable to have at least 4GB of RAM.
(BDII_top v3.2.10-3 and later, recommeded value : yes).

=head2 readTimeout : long (optional)

Time to wait for LDAP sources to return. New in BDII v5 (typically 300).

=head2 schemaFile

Name of file listing the schemas used by BDII.  This is required for LCG 2.5.0 or above.

Default: /opt/bdii/etc/schemas

=head2 schemas : list of strings (optional)

List of file names for the schema files used. 

Default: none

=head2 searchFilter : string (optional)

The LDAP filter.

=head2 searchTimeout : long (optional)

The LDAP timeout in seconds. Deprecated in BDII v5.

=head2 slapadd : string (optional)

The location of the slapadd executable. Deprecated in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 slapd : string (optional)

The location of the slapd executable. Deprecated in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 slapdConf : string

The location of slapd configuration file to use.

Default:  /opt/bdii/etc/glue-slapd.conf

=head2 slapdDebugLevel : long (0 to 5)

slapd verbosity level. Deprecated in BDII v5 and later.

=head2 updateLdif

The URL for the update LDIF file.

=head2 updateUrl

The URL for the update file. 

=head2 urls (optional)

A hash containing all of the update URLs.  The keys are for
documentation purposes only. 

This resource is required for BDII v4 and later.

=head2 user : string

The default user for running the BDII daemon.

Default: edguser

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

None.

=head1 BUGS

None known.

=head1 AUTHOR

Charles Loomis <charles.loomis@cern.ch>

=head1 MAINTAINER

Charles Loomis <charles.loomis@cern.ch>, Michel Jouvin <jouvin@lal.in2p3.fr>

=head1 VERSION

2.7.0

=head1 SEE ALSO

ncm-ncd(1)


=cut
