# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

vomrs: NCM component for configuring VOMRS

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<vomrs> component generates the vomrs configuration file and runs
the corresponding configuration script 
(vomrs_configure). The configuration file is generated under /etc/vomrs-quattor.d.


=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/configure (boolean)

If defined and set to true then then the configuration will be executed via
the vomrs_configure script.

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/confdir (string)
Location to create configuration files in and execute vomrs_configure on.
By default /etc/vomrs-quattor.d


=head2 /software/components/vomrs/vomrssecretdir (string)
Location to look for secret additions, e.g as transported
via sindes to be appended to the configuration files.
File names are expected of the form vomrs-secrets-<vo>.cfg
Default value is /etc/vomrs-secrets

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/home (string)
Home location for vomrs, default /opt/vomrs-1.3

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/confscript (string)
Default  value is /opt/vomrs-1.3/sbin/configure_vomrs

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/log4jconfig (string)
Replaces the file /opt/voms-1.3/etc/cfg/log4j.properties.template
with something else.

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/VOs (list)
List of VOs to configure. Any old configuration for removed
VOs will not be removed.

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/vomrs/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the VOMRS Configuration section with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/voinfo/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the VO Related information 

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/gridorg/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the Grid Organisation section with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/tomcat/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the tomcat related section with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/cacert/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the CA and certificate section of the configuration file with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/vomem/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the VO Membership portion of the configuration files with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/event/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the Event notification of the configuration file with.

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/sync/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the voms synchronisation part of the configuration with

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/db/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the database configuration part of the configuration.

  <KEY> = <VALUE>

=head2 /software/components/vomrs/<vo>/lcg/<KEY>/<VALUE>
Will populate the LCG Registration Part of the configuration.

  <KEY> = <VALUE>




=head1 AUTHOR

Steve Traylen <steve.traylen@cern.ch>
=head1 SEE ALSO

ncm-ncd(1), http://cern.ch/quattor
http://cern.ch/grid-deployment



=cut

