# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

NCM::frontiersquid - Component used to manage FroNTier squid server

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Object to configure and start the squid server for FroNTier.
It creates a file where environmental variables needed by the squid server
post_install script are defined. The post_install script is then
explicitely called to configure and start the squid server.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over

=item Configure()

It reads the variables set by the system administrator and creates the
squidconf file. Such a file is then sourced before executing the
squid server post_install script.

=item Unconfigure()

Not implemented.

=back

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/active : boolean

Activates/deactivates the component.

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/username

Defines the username of the account the squid server runs under. 
The default is squid.

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/group

Defines the group of the account the squid server runs under.
The default is squid.

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/networks

This argument is mandatory. It lists the set of networks enabled to
send requests to the squid server. The format of such argument must
be "network/submask network/submask". Please see the EXAMPLE section.

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/cache_mem

Defines the amount of physical memory dedicated to squid cache.
It is expressed in MB. The default is 128.

=head2 /software/components/frontiersquid/cache_dir

Defines the amount of space on disk dedicated to the squid cache.
It is expressed in MB. The default is 40000.

=head1 EXAMPLES

=begin text
include { 'components/frontiersquid/config' };
"/software/components/frontiersquid/username" = "atsquid";
"/software/components/frontiersquid/group" = "zp";
"/software/components/frontiersquid/networks" = "128.141.0.0/255.255.0.0 137.138.0.0/255.255.0.0 172.17.0.0/255.255.0.0 172.18.0.0/255.255.0.0";
=end text

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

=head2 Components to be run before:

none.

=head2 Components to be run after:

none.

=head1 FILES

This component creates the file /data/squid/squidconf.

=head1 BUGS

None.

=head1 AUTHOR

Flavia Donno <Flavia.Donno@cern.ch>

=head1 SEE ALSO

ncd(1)

=cut

