# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

mkgridmap:  NCM component to configure edg-mkgridmap.conf for mkgridmap.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<mkgridmap> component manages the configuration file (e.g. /opt/edg/etc/edg-mkgridmap.conf) for mkgridmap.
It can handle several mapfiles and support two distinct mapfile format : 

=over

=item * edg : the traditional format associating DNs with pool accounts

=item * lcgdm : a mapfile to associate DNs to VO name. It is used by LCG products like DPM and LFC to handle
authorization for users not authenticated with VOMS (grid-proxy-init or voms-proxy-init without -voms).

=back


=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 entries : nlist

A nlist of mapfile entries. The name of the entry is informational only. The entry resources are described
below.

=head2 lcmaps : nlist (optional)

This nlist describes lcmaps gridmapfile and groupmapfile to update. The entry resources are described
below.

=head2 voList : list (optional)

This list specifies the VO to process, and the order in which they will appear. If not present or undefined, defaults to all VOs defined in the configuration (/system/vo), sorted by name.


=head1 LCMAPS RESOURCES

=head2 flavor : string 

This property indicates LCMAPS gridmapfile/groupmafile format. It can be 'edg' or 'glite'. When format is 'glite', FQANs 
are taken literally from configuration : they must be valid VOMS FQAN in standard format. When format is 'edg', FQANs
in configuration are converted into EDG format (/VO=vo_name/GROUP=.../ROLE=...).

Default : glite (no conversion)

=head2 lcmaps/gridmapfile : string (required)

The full path to the LCMAPS gridmapfile.

Default : /opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/gridmapfile

=head2 lcmaps/groupmapfile : string (required)

The full path to the LCMAPS groupmapfile.

Default : /opt/edg/etc/lcmaps/groupmapfile


=head1 MAPFILE ENTRY RESOURCES

=head2 mkgridmapconf

The location of the edg-mkgridmap.conf file, by default
/opt/edg/etc/edg-mkgridmap.conf

=head2 command

The command to run to regenerate the gridmap file.  If provided, this
command will be run whenever changes to the configuration occur. 

=head2 groups

A list of group entries in the edg-mkgridmap.conf file. For each group
uri_<group> and user_<group> can be defined to specify the collection
of users at a URI that should be mapped to a particular user.

=head2 auths

A list of auth entries in the edg-mkgridmap.conf file. For each auth line
a uri_<auth> should be defined.

=head2 lcuser

What the lcuser should be defined as.

=head2 allow

A pattern match of certs that should be permitted in the grid-mapfile.

=head2 deny

A pattern match of certs that should be denied in the grid-mapfile.

Note the allow allways occurs, if it is defined at all, in the mkgridmap.conf
file before the deny rule. Read man edg-mkgridmap.conf for the consequences of
this.

=head2 gmflocal

One or more local grid-mapfile(s) to be imported in the generated grid-mapfile, where they will override
other entries. By default <edgcfg.location>/etc/grid-mapfile-local. The entry
can be either a string (default), or a list of strings (in which case the existing entry will have to
be null-ified beforehand).

=head2 overwrite

By default set to yes. If set to no the local grid-mapfile will not be
overwritten if it already exists.

=head2 locals

A list for which each element has the values of cert_<local> and 
user_<local>. This will add mappings to the (first) grid-mapfile-local defined
above.

=cut
