# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

vomsclient: NCM component to manage VOMS client configuration

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<vomsclient> component manages the configuration for the VOMS
clients.  This writes the VOMS server certificates to the vomsCertsDir
directory and the VOMS server parameters to the vomsServersDir
directory. 

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/vomsclient/vomsCertsDir (/etc/grid-security/vomsdir)

The directory to write the VOMS server certificates into.  If the
directory doesn't exist, it is created.  It will remove all managed
files and create new ones each time the configuration is done. 

=head2 /software/components/vomsclient/vomsServersDir (/opt/edg/etc/vomses)

The directory to write the VOMS server parameters into.  If the
directory doesn't exist, it is created.  It will remove all managed
file and create new ones each time the configuration is done. 

=head2 /software/components/vomsclient/vos 

This is a named list of VOMS VO information.  Each key should be the
VO name. The value is a list of nlist : each nlist describes one VOMS server 
supporting the VO. Supported properties for each VOMS server are described below.
  

=head2 VOMS server properties

Each VOMS server is described with a nlist. The following properties 
can be used to describe one VOMS server.

=head3 name (optional, deprecated)

The complete name of the VO, if the 'vos' key is an alias name. This
property is deprecated : it is recommended to use the complete name of the 
VO as 'vos' key. 

=head3 host (required)

The complete hostname of the VOMS server.

=head3 port (required)

The port number of the VOMS server.

=head3 cert (required)

The certificate for the server. 

=head3 oldcert (optional)

The expiring certificate for the server. This allows smooth transition
between 2 certificates. 

=head3 DN (optional)

DN of VOMS server certificate

=head3 issuer (optional)

DN of VOMS server certificate issuer.

=head3 lscfile (optional)

Use LSC format instead of certificate to configure vomsCertsDir

=head1 EXAMPLE

"/software/components/vomsclient/vos" = npush("somevo.example.org", 
  list(nlist(
    "host","vo.somevo.example.org",
    "port","20000",
    "cert", <<EOF)));
----BEGIN CERTIFICATE----
... encoded binary info ...
----END CERTIFICATE----
EOF


=cut
