# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

The I<pbsknownhosts> component manages the configuration file
for the edg-pbs-knownhosts script. 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<pbsknownhosts> component manages the configuration file for the
edg-pbs-knownhosts script. 

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 configfile (/opt/edg/etc/edg-pbs-knownhosts.conf)

The location of the configuration file.  Normally this should not be
changed. 

=head2 pbsbin (/usr/bin)

The path to the pbs executables. 

=head2 nodes ()

Space-separated list of additional nodes to add to known hosts
configuration file.  The default is the empty list. 

=head2 keytypes (rsa1,rsa,dsa)

The types of ssh keys to generate.  

=head2 knownhosts (/etc/ssh/ssh_known_hosts)

The ssh known hosts file to update. 

=head2 knownhostsscript (/opt/edg/sbin/edg-pbs-knownhosts)

The script to run for generating the known hosts.

=head2 targets (optional, string[])

Specify what configuration files should be generated. The default
is to generate a configuration for edg-pbs-knownhosts only, but
is can be set to also - or alternatively - generate the 
configuration for edg-pbs-shostsequiv.

The value is an array of strings that specify the disired 
behaviour: "pbsknownhosts/targets" = list("pbsknownhosts") will
generate the edg-pbs-knownhosts config only; "pbsknownhosts/targets" = 
list("shostsequiv") will generate edg-pbs-shostsequiv config only;
and "pbsknownhosts/targets" = list("pbsknownhosts","shostsequiv") will
generate both.

=head2 shostsConfigFile (optional, /opt/edg/etc/edg-pbs-shostsequiv.conf)

The location of the shosts-script configuration file.  Normally this 
should not be changed.

=head2 shosts (optional, /etc/ssh/shosts.equiv)

The ssh shosts.equiv file to update

=head2 shostsscript (optional, /opt/edg/sbin/edg-pbs-shostsequiv)

The script to run for generating shosts.equiv.

=cut
