# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#
# Coding style: emulate <TAB> characters with 4 spaces, thanks!
################################################################################

=head1 NAME

lcas: NCM component to manage LCAS configuration file(s)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<lcas> component writes the LCAS configuration file(s). The
primary file is the LCAS database, listing the plugin modules
to be called (in the order specified in the profile).

Optionally, it can write the module configuration files as well
(as just plain files, one line for every entry in the content
list). The header can be suppressed, if ever there is a module
that chokes on the pound-sign comments at the top.

The I<lcas> component can manage several different LCAS databases and associated module
configuration files.

=head1 MAIN RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/lcas/dbpath

Deprecated. Mutually exclusive with /software/components/lcas/db.

=head2 /software/components/lcas/module

Deprecated. Mutually exclusive with /software/components/lcas/db.

=head2 /software/components/lcas/db : list (optional)

List of LCAS databases and associated module configaration files to configure. For each database,
the following attributes can be specified.

=head3 path : string (required)

The database file name. This attribute is required for any database entry.

Default: none.

=head3 module : list (optional)

A list of each module to configure in the database, with their arguments and optionally their
associated configuration file. See next section for supported module attributes.

Default: none

=head1 MODULE RESOURCES

For each module, the following attributes can be specified.

=head2 path : string (required)

The plugin module file name. The path may be relative to the LCAS search path but it is
recommended to specify a full path. This attribute is required for any module.

Default: none

=head2 args : string (optional)

Arguments to this module (like: the name of the module's config file).

Default: none

=head2 conf : nlist (optional)

Optional: write out the contents of a single configuration file
for this plugin module. The following attributes (nlist keys) are available
for the configuration file.

=head3 path : string (required)

Location (absolute path) of the module configuration file. This attribute
is required if a configuration file is configured.

Default: none

=head2 noheader : boolean (required)

When set to true, suppress the initial comments normally added at the head of the configuration file.
This attribute is required if a configuration file is configured.

Default: false (header added)

=head2 content : list of string (optional)

Configuration file content as a list of string. Each list element will be added to
the file as a separate line, keeping the specified order.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

None.

=head1 BUGS

None known.

=head1 AUTHOR

David Groep <davidg@nikhef.nl>

=head1 MAINTAINER

David Groep <davidg@nikhef.nl>, Michel Jouvin <jouvin@lal.in2p3.fr>

=head1 VERSION

1.1.0

=head1 SEE ALSO

ncm-ncd(1)


=cut
