# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=begin comment

Be sure to put a blank line before and after every formatting command

=end comment

=head1 NAME

${project.artifactId} : NCM component to manage Xrootd configuration.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This component allows to manage configuration of Xrootd services.

The configuration description for Xrootd is made of 2 distinct parts:

=over

=item Hosts
This is a description of all hosts participating to the Xrootd service with their role (disk server,
redirector, federated redirector).

=item Cluster-wide options
These resources describe the configuration of the Xrootd cluster that applies to all the nodes
participating to the service.

=back

Cluster-wide options are found under configuration path /software/components/${project.artifactId}. For the
complete list of options, see the schema. The main ones are described here.

There are several subsets of options:

=over

=item General options
These options are properties found directly under /software/components/${project.artifactId}.

=item Service-specific options
They are options that apply to a specific service or component of Xrootd. Examples are the DPM/Xrootd
plugin, the token-based authentication, Xrootd instances. These subsets are resources located under 
/software/components/${project.artifactId}.

=back

Options can be required or optional. When they are required, if a default value is provided, it is not
necessary to define them explicitly: the default value will be used if they are not provided.

=head1 Xrootd hosts

This resource describes the hosts participating to the Xrootd cluster. They are specified as a 
nlist where the key is the host name and the value is a nlist specifying host specific options.
Valid properties in this nlist are:

=head2 roles : list of strings (required)

Specify the Xrootd roles instanciated on the host. Valid values are : disk, redir, fredredir.

Default : none

=head1 Xrootd general options

These options are properties found directly under /software/components/${project.artifactId}/options. Main ones
are described below.

=head2 authzLibraries: list of string (required)

This option describes the list of authorization libraries (plugins) to use.

Default: none

=head2 configDir: string (required)

This option described where the Xrootd configuration information is located. This can be either an 
absolute path or a path related to installDir (see below).

Default: etc/xrootd

=head2 installDir: string (required)

Directory parent of the Xrootd installation.

Default: /

=head2 daemonGroup: string (required)

Group that Xrootd daemons run under.

Default: none

=head2 daemonUser: string (required)

Userid that Xrootd daemons run under.

Default: none

=head2 MonALISAHost: string (optional)

MonALISA host to report Xrootd statistics to.

Default: none

=head2 ofsPlugin: string (required)

Specifies the Xrootd plugin to use for the file-system backend.

Default: Ofs

=head2 restartServices : boolean (required)

This flag indicated if Xrootd services must be restarted after a configuration change.

Default: true


=head1 Xrootd instances

There are two main services in a Xrootd cluster:

=over

=item xrootd
Several instances of this service can coexist on the same host, one for each of its roles (disk, redirector,
federated redirector). Information about these instances are found under 
/software/components/${project.artifactId}/options/xrootdInstances. One xrootd instance must exist on
every xrootd host.

=item cmsd
There must be one cmsd instance for each federation the Xrootd is participated in (a cmsd instance must
exist matching each xrootd instance of type 'fedredir'). Information about these instances are found under 
/software/components/${project.artifactId}/options/cmsdInstances.

=back

In both cases, the properties (options) available are the same.

=head2 configFile: string (required)

The name of the Xrootd configuration file describing the instance configuration. This file must be located
in the directory pointed by configDir (see above).

Default: none

=head2 federation : string (optional)

Used by 'fedredir' instances only (cms and xrootd instances). This is the identifier (see Federations below) the redirector is
participating to.

Default: none
 
=head2 logFile: string (required)

Full path of the instance log file.

Default: none

=head2 type: list of strings (required)

The type of the instance. Can be disk, redir and fedredir for xrootd service. And only fedredir for 
cmsd service.

Default: none

=head1 DPM/Xrootd plugin options

This set of options describes the configuration of the DPM Xrootd plugin. This set is optional and must
not be defined if the DPM/Xrootd plugin is not used. It is found under 
/software/components/${project.artifactId}/options/dpm.

Main options are described below.

=head2 coreMaxSize : long (optional)

Max size of core dump files.

Default: none

=head2 defaultPrefix: string (optional)

Prefix to be added to every file path specified by users to make the actual file path.

Default: none

=head2 dpmConnectionRetry: long (optional)

Max number of retries when connecting to DPM service.

Default: none

=head2 dpmHost: string (required)

Name of the host running the DPM service (dpm daemon).

Default: none

=head2 dpnsConnectionRetry: long (optional)

Max number of retries when connecting to DPNS service.

Default: none

=head2 dpnsHost: string (required)

Name of the host running the DPNS service (dpm daemon).

Default: none

=head2 replacementPrefix: nlist of strings (optional)

It allows to specify the actual path prefix to substitute (nlist value) to a user-specified path starting
by a string matching the nlist key. This option, if present, takes precedence over 
defaultPrefix (see above) if the path is matching. For example:

replacementPrefix = nlist('/cms', '/dpm/example.com/home/cms');

This will convert /cms/myfile to /dpm/example.com/home/cms/myfile.

Default: none


=head1 Token-based authentication

This set of options describes the configuration of token-based authorization. This set is optional and must
not be defined if token-based authentication is not enabled. It is found under 
/software/components/${project.artifactId}/options/tokenAuthz.

Main options are described below.

=head2 accessRules: list of nlist (required)

This nlist allows to build the accessRules for token-based authentication, based on whether the
user is authenticated or not and other informations. See Xrootd documentation for details.

Each entry in the list is a nlist with the following required properties:

=over

=item path
The Xrootd path the rule apply to. This is a string, it must be present and has no default.

=item authenticated
Operations allowed for authenticated users. This is a list of string, it must be present and has 
no default

=item unauthenticated
Operations allowed for unauthenticated users. This is a list of string, it must be present and
has no default

=item cert

A specific certificate that must be presented by the user for the rule to apply. This is a string, it must
be present and default to '*' (no restriction based on certificate).

=item vo

A specific VO that must be presented by the user (in the token) for the rule to apply. 
This is a string, it must be present and default to '*' (no restriction based on VO).

=back

=head2 authzConf: string (required)

Full path of the configuration file for token-based authorization.

Default: /etc/grid-security/xrootd/TkAuthz.Authorization

=head2 allowedFQANs: list of string (required)

The VOMS FQANs that are matched in DPM ACLs when the token-based authorization is used.

=head2 authorizedPaths: list of string (required)

The prefix of DPM paths that can be accessed when using token-based authorization.

Default: none

=head2 exportedPathRoot: string (required)

Xrootd path that is accessible through token-based authorization. This can be used to restrict
data accessible throgh this authorization to a subset of the data available in the whole cluster.

Default: none

=head2 exportedVOs: nlist (required)

List of VOs (retrieved from the token) allowed to access the XRootd cluster through token-based 
authorization. It is specified as a nlist where the key is the VO name and the value an 
optional nlist allowing to specify the path related to exportedPathRoot associated with the 
VO ('path' property). When empty, the VO name is used.

Note that it is strongly recommended to export only one VO with token-based authorization.

Default: none

=head2 principal : string (required)

The principal (user) to use to find the matching gridmap entry when token-based authentication is used.

Default: none
 
=head2 tokenPrivateKey string (required)

Full path of the token private key (that must be created outside of this configuration module).

Default: /etc/grid-security/xrootd/pvkey.pem

=head2 tokenPublicKey string (required)

Full path of the token public key (that must be created outside of this configuration module).

Default: /etc/grid-security/xrootd/pubkey.pem


  "exportedVOs" : ${project.artifactId}_component_exported_path{}
  "exportedPathRoot" : string


=head1 Federation options

For each Xrootd federation supported (taht need to be configured) on a given Xrootd node, the federation parameters are described under
/software/components//${project.artifactId}/options/federations. This is a nlist where the key is a federation identifier (arbitrary,
used to refer to the federation by 'federations' property of instances) and the value a nlist with the following possible properties.

=head2 federationCmsdManager : string (required)

The federation cmsd manager (upper level cmsd) id. The format is : host.dom.ain+:port (note the +).

Default: none

=head2 federationXrdManager : string (required)

The federation xrootd manager (upper level xrootd redirector) id. The format is : host.dom.ain:port (note the +).

Default: none

=head2 n2nLibrary' : string (optional)

The name of the Name2Name library used in the federation and its parameters (library specific).

Default: none

=head2 namePrefix : string (optional

The path prefix of the local file names that are passed to the N2N library.

The federation cmsd manager id. The format is : host.dom.ain+:port (note the +).

=head2 localPort : long (required)

The port number of the local redirector participating to the federation.

Default: none

=head2 lfcHost : string (optional)

The optional LFC host name if N2N library relies on LFC.

Default: none

=head2 validPathPrefix : string (optional)

The prefix of user paths that are accepted by the federation redirector.

Default: none

=head2 redirectParams : string (optional)

The redirect parameters in the format expected by 'xrootd.redirect' Xrootd configuration directive.

Default: none

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

None.

=head1 BUGS

None known.

=head1 AUTHOR

Michel Jouvin <jouvin@lal.in2p3.fr>

=head1 MAINTAINER

Michel Jouvin <jouvin@lal.in2p3.fr>

=head1 VERSION

1.9.1

=head1 SEE ALSO

ncm-ncd(1)


=cut

