# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

ncm-wlconfig: NCM wlconfig component 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<ncm-wlconfig> component manages the configuration files of the WP1
NetworkServer, LogMonitor, JobController, and WorkloadManager
services.  All of these services read the /opt/edg/etc/edg_wl.conf
file. 

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 configFile (edg_wl.conf)

The name of the configuration file.  It will be created in the
location EDG_LOCATION/etc.  

=head2 user (edguser)

The username to use to run the services. 

=head2 grisCache (1)

If set to "1" it enables the UseCacheInsteadOfGris flag.  This is used
by the NetworkServer and the WorkloadManager.

=head2 jobController

=head3 condorSubmit ()

The absolute filename of the condor_submit executable.

=head3 condorRemove ()

The absolute filename of the condor_rm executable.

=head3 condorQuery ()

The absolute filename of the condor_q executable.

=head3 condorSubmitDAG ()

The absolute filename of the condor_submit_dag executable.

=head3 condorRelease ()

The absolute filename of the condor_release executable.

=head3 submitFile

The directory where the temporary files are created (CondorG submit
file and job wrapper scripts). 

=head3 outputFile

The directory where the standard output and error streams of CondorG
are cached.

=head3 queueFile

The JobController input queue of requests.

=head3 log/file

The absolute file name of the JobController log file. 

=head3 log/level (5)

The level for the logging. 

=head3 container (1000)

The number of jobs after which the JobController must re-read the
IdRepositoryName LogMonitor file. 

=head2 LogMonitor

=head3 jobsPerCondorLog (1000)

The number of jobs whose events are recorded for each single CondorG
log file.  I.e. every jobsPerCondorLog jobs, the log file is changed.

=head3 mainLoopDuration (10)

It defines how often the LogMonitor reads the CondorG log file.
I.e. every mainLoopDuration seconds the LogMonitor reads these files. 

=head3 condorLogDir

The directory where the CondorG log file are created.

=head3 condorRecycleDir

The directory where the CondorG log files which have already been read
are stored. 

=head3 internalMonitorDir

The directory where some files needed by the LogMonitor service are
created and stored. 

=head3 idRepositoryName (irepository.dat)

The name of the file used by the LogMonitor for internal purposes (the
storage of the jobID/CondorID correspondance). 

=head3 abortedJobsTimeout (600)

The timeout (in seconds) to have a cancelled job forgotten by the
LogMonitor (useful when the job hangs in the CondorG queue). 

=head3 log/file

The absolute file name of the JobController log file. 

=head3 log/level (5)

The level for the logging. 

=head2 NetworkServer

=head3 iiHost, iiPort, iiDN, iiTimeout

The contact parameters for the II.  The host must be defined by the
user.  The default values are 2135, "mds-vo-name=local, o=grid", and
30 for the iiPort, iiDN, and iiTimeout parameters, respectively. 

=head3 grisPort, grisDN, grisTimeout

The contact parameters for the GRISes.  The default values are 2135,
"mds-vo-name=local, o=grid", and 20 for the grisPort, grisDN, and
grisTimeout parameters, respectively.

=head3 listeningPort (7772)

The port used by the NetworkServer to receive requests. 

=head3 masterThreads (8)

The maximum number of simultaneous connections with UserInterfaces. 

=head3 dispatcherThreads (8)

The maximum number of simultaneous connections (to forward the
incoming requests) with the WorkloadManager.

=head3 sandboxStagingPath

The absolute pathname of the sandbox staging directory.  It is also
the location where the .BrokerInfo file is stored. 

=head3 quotaManagement

Boolean indicating whether the system should check file quotas for the
input sandboxes. 

=head3 quotaManagement, quotaSandboxSize

The quotaManagement flag is a boolean indicating whether or not the
quotas should be checked for the input sandboxes.  The
quotaSandboxSize is the maximum size of a single input sandbox. 

=head3 quotaAdjustment, quotaAdjustmentAmount

The quotaAdjustment is a boolean indicating whether or not dynamic
quotas should be used (i.e. the system administrator has not set a
system quota).  The adjustment amount is the value by which the
dynamic quota is increased/decreased as jobs enter and leave the
system. 

=head3 reservedDiskPercentage (2.0)

Is a double representing the percentage of the disk (storing the
sandboxes) which the administrator wants to keep unassigned.  So if
the free space is less than this amount, no new jobs can be accepted. 

=head3 log/file

The absolute file name of the JobController log file. 

=head3 log/level (5)

The level for the logging. 

=head2 WorkloadManager

=head3 pipeDepth (1)

The maximum size of the buffer between the dispatcher and worker
threads. 

=head3 workerThreads (1)

The size of the workerThread pool.

=head3 dispatcherType (filelist)

Defines the type of the input queue of requests.  

=head3 inputFile

Input queue of the requests for the WorkloadManager. 

=head3 maxRetryCount (10)

The maximum number of times the WorkloadManager can try to re-schedule
and re-submit a job in case of system failures.  

=head3 hostProxyFile

This must be the same as the X509_USER_PROXY value specified in the
edg-wl-ns start up script. 

=head3 log/file

The absolute file name of the JobController log file. 

=head3 log/level (5)

The level for the logging. 

=cut
