# ${license-info}
# ${developer-info}
# ${author-info}
# ${build-info}
#

=head1 NAME

apel: NCM component to manage apel configuration file(s)

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The I<apel> component writes manages the configuration for
the APEL software.  This collects the accounting information for
EGEE/LCG. 

=head1 RESOURCES

=head2 /software/components/apel/configFiles

An nlist with the key being the ENCODED path of the file to configure. 
The value is an nlist containing the data for the file.  These data
include the following attributes.

=head3 DBURL

The full JDBC URL to access the APEL database.

=head3 DBUsername

The username to use to access the APEL database.

=head3 DBPassword

The password to use to access the APEL database.

=head3 SiteName

The GOC database name for the site.

=head3 DBDeleteProcessor

The DBDeleteProcessor parameters.  These include "cleanAll" which
takes a yes/no value.

=head3 CPUProcessor

The CPUProcessor parameters.  Takes two parameters GIIS (hostname) and
DefaultCPUSpec (string of form 56:45).

=head3 EventLogProcessor

The EventLogProcessor parameters.  Takes the following options:
searchSubDirs: yes/no value
reprocess: yes/no value
Dir: directory to process
ExtraFile: a list of extra files to process
Timezone: the timezone to use for processing files

=head3 GKLogProcessor

The GKLogProcess parameters.  Takes the following options:
SubmitHost: hostname
searchSubDirs: yes/no value
reprocess: yes/no value
GKLogs: list of directories containing logs
MessageLogs: list of directories containing logs

=head3 JoinProcessor

The JoinProcessor parameters.  Takes the parameters:
publishGlobalUserName: yes/no value
Republish: all, missing or nothing

=head1 EXAMPLE

"/software/components/apel/configFiles" = {

  # Create the configuration.
  data = nlist(
    "enableDebugLogging", "yes",
    "DBURL", "jdbc:mysql://mon.example.org:3306/accounting",
    "DBUsername", "accounting",
    "DBPassword", "secret",
    "SiteName", "MySite",

    "JoinProcessor", nlist("publishGlobalUserName","no",
                           "Republish", "missing"),
  );
  
  # Retrieve the current configuration. 
  if (exists(self)) {
    tbl = self;
  } else {
    tbl = nlist();
  };

  # Add in the file.
  tbl[escape("/opt/glite/etc/edg-rgma/glite-apel-publisher/publisher-config-quattor.xml")] = data;

  return(tbl);
};

=cut
